i
yes
so if in 18 years this little oasis
It has become a great attraction
Professor Layton tourist returns with
his fifth adventure to a laptop
nintendo but this time it opens
nintendo 3ds with Professor Layton and the
mask of the prodigies a game where
the visual and graphic renovation are the
great protagonists have to
keep is a most lively city
in this second title of the new
trilogy lleyton travels to monte door
request of your friend of youth
angela in the city a well-known man
as the masked knight performs
prodigies that have citizens
terrified how to convert people
in stone or make the characters of the
museum come out of his paintings lleyton with
help from emi and luke will have to solve
these prodigies and catch the knight
although it will be the mask of chaos after
that hides the real protagonist of
this story since it belongs to a
tragic episode of life
the teacher when he was 17 years old where
he lost his best friend in a
expedition in this way and how great
novelty the chapters of the story
will alternate between the present and the past
of layton and I'm like that a plot very
interesting and that brings freshness to
game
the mechanics and gameplay of the saga
they keep although they have changed
different aspects related to
usability to exploit the new
console all the action of the game like
the conversations and the scenarios are
now move to the screen above
with the intention of taking advantage of the effect
3d to explore we should touch a magnifying glass
on the touchscreen to enter
scanning mode and in this way with the
We will guide a magnifying glass on the screen
above that will turn red with everything
which can interact
as for the puzzles now it is pulled out
more match the double screen for your
exhibition and resolution what contributes
something new regarding repetition
of mechanics that had been accusing the saga
there will be puzzles that use both screens
for its resolution and in others only
we will need to look at one of the two
while the statement we can
hide it or show it on the screen that
We want to improve the usability and
the use of the notes function in
to the type of puzzles that we will find
has bet on more logic riddles
or visual and by a reduction of
those who needed a large number
of steps to solve them with it has been
got a more fluid game with
less heavy and repetitive puzzles but
those who are left wanting more
they have the puzzles of the best of layton
at the end of the story with an extra
difficulty and a gift from nintendo and
level five as they are free puzzles
to download for a year all the
days adding up 365 like this
150 that brings the game
they also return the three minigames
types of tests with which to disconnect
and have fun with something different each
has 10 levels that we will get
during the adventure in the theater of
rabbit we will have to teach him actions
a circus rabbit in pure style
nintendogs to then use them in the
representation of plays in
shop for everything we will have to fill the
showcase of a store so that the
client take all the objects
following a series of rules and in the
toy robot we will have to move to a
robot by a board until it stops
just in a box with different
variables to take into account this test
It consists of 10 levels
additional of greater difficulty these
minigames have been varied and
entertained with a difficulty
affordable the game also has
a test where we ride a horse and a
very special chapter that breaks with the
traditional schemes of the franchise
all this helps to create a title
Entertaining and varied from start to finish
whose duration if we complete everything
can reach 25 hours
the strong point of the game has undoubtedly
been the renovation of the graphic aspect
the two drawn of say goodbye to
accommodate three-dimensional graphics
for the first time in the saga with a touch
cell shading the characters and their
conversations have won therefore in
animations and expressivity with some
colorful graphics that look great
the scenarios are also much more
colorful and full of details being the
great benefited from the 3d effect of the
console with several levels of
depth very well implemented and that
turn the game into a show
visual and in one of the best effects
3d of the console are kept
excellent scenes from anime movie and
others have been added with the engine of the
game very worked music like
always puts us squarely in the
adventures of lleyton with a
very marked personality and repeats the
excellent dubbing to Castilian
in conclusion the generational step has
seated wonderfully to Professor Layton
whose fans will get used to it
immediately to the news and not
they will want to know nothing about the appearance
visual of the nintendo ds games is
true that the puzzles could have been
renewed more taking advantage of the functions
Console as sensor
movement that are used exotically
the 3d effect or the camera but the level
five has rounded up one of the best
deliveries of the saga with a large
history a technical section
outstanding and a very enjoyable game and
varied everything a recommended for
any possessor of nintendo 3ds
and more